# Bilbao-Austausch

great mate you have found it! i literally didn't have a minute left i had to send the personal record thing so close to the deadline. so if you see this you have very likely already seen the page with my hobbies and stuff so here i'll just mention relevant details or things that didn't come into my mind when i wrote the personal record thing. 

so if you are going to choose me or get chosen with me (i have no idea how this works) then you better like to go outside a lot because currently i am trying to not go depressive in this cold ass depressing season by doing sports. generally i also cook every day because i am the only one in my family who is on a plant based diet, so you are welcome to join me. in summer i often ride my bike for many hours on some days, but in winter my tyre will not stand the grit on the streets if it is going to snow, thats why abstain from long distance cycling in winter and usually go running or inline skating if it is not slippery from rain or frost. and if it is too cold for me outside, then i also go into a local fighting gym where i can train muay thai, go into a sauna, watch youtube videos on the massage chair or do weight lifting. i'm sure i can arrange it somehow that you can come with me. when i am not outside then i am programming things i would rather tell you outside of this text, discussing in online chats or gaming, which is currently pubg mobile on my ipad, minecraft and roblox with exploits. i hope it is not a big problem for you that my sleep schedule is pretty much from 23:40 - 7:40 and that i don't eat breakfast (of course we don't necessarily have to sleep and eat at the same). in the exchange we can share our best moments that we experienced in the recent time, our coolest stories and maybe things that lie on our heart. i am a great listener! sadly this exchange is in this shit season and not in the holidays so we can't really do super cool things like multiple day hikes, bike tours, hitchhiking or swimming in the sea. i really don't care if you are seen as weird or something i just hope we can nicely get along and enjoy this once in a lifetime experience and you don't have to be super physically active i'd also love to learn about new things:).

conclusion: i would prefer that you are active, adapt to my diet (i can cook suuper tasty things without animal products) and are open to have fun in the 10 days with me. i'd love to hear back from you!
